First of all, we would like to thank you to get in touch with us and especially for be interested in our venue😊 Congratulations on your engagement as well!

La Farinera Sant Lluis in an old flour mill built with a Modernist style in 1913 and catalogued by the Government of Catalonia, which has now been restored and equipped for events. The private property of over 130 hectares has large gardens, two natural lakes and paths that cross it, apart from different interior rooms of different capacities and bedrooms. A magical venue!

La Farinera Sant Lluís is a unique place to enjoy it with family and friends, that is the reason we rent the venue during the weekend. The idea is that at events, people come in on Friday and leave on Sunday (or more days) so you can prepare calmly the entire event and enjoy every part of the property. Despite that, there is also the possibility of rent the venue for days or during week-days. An spectacular experience!

The building has ten bedrooms (eight double and two quadruple), and in addition there is the possibility of renting five houses / tourist accommodation which are in the same property (Masos Can Sot), 3 minuts walking from the building of La Farinera. This area were the houses are located have swimming pool, a large pergola with barbacues, football area, bikes, and large gardens. Its ideal for preweddings or a brunch on Sunday. Our total accommodation is for 64 people and we have contact in hotels nea rus (5-10’ by car).

We do not have own restaurant, but we know very well some providers, and, in this sense, we can advise you on the best way. However, we want you feel free to organize your event and we want you can choose your best suppliers. So, we just rent the venue with accommodation. All the others vendors, are external. I’m attaching a dossier with recommendations.

Regarding availability, in October 2027 we have availability.

In the attached documents you will find more information, images, the tariff for 2027 and some recommendations of accommodation in this area. In our social networks like Facebook and Instagram you will find more pictures and in the following link, you will see a vídeo of our venue:  La Farinera.

Finally, If you have to come to Spain, I would like to invite you to come to see the venue, as, with the images that we have hung in social nets and on the web you can get a small idea of the magic of space, but it is more impressive live. You must live it and feel it in person.

Please let us know if you need more information.

 

Best regards,

 

Miriam Prat

674393763