
Torre de Palma Eventos <eventos@torredepalma.com>
Attachments
Wed, Feb 25, 6:56 AM (11 days ago)
to me

Dear Susie Lee,

 

Thank you for considering Torre de Palma for this special celebration. We would like to congratulate you on your engagement, such an important moment in your lives we would love to be part of! 😊

 

Torre de Palma is an historical estate with vineyards, olive grove, winery, a medieval tower with 360-degree views, 5-star hotel with 19 rooms, restaurant, bar, spa, horses, pool and so on… which is the perfection location for a celebration in connection with the beautiful nature that surrounds us. Please find our 360-degree virtual tour where you can have a better knowledge about our unique property: https://torredepalma360.com/

 

Attached you can also find our Wedding presentation.

 

At Torre de Palma Wine Hotel, we offer a truly exclusive wedding experience, granting you and your guests the complete privacy of our estate through the full rental of the property for a minimum of two nights.  It includes exclusive use of the entire venue from 3:00 p.m. on the day of arrival until 12:00 p.m. on the day of departure.

 

Since our weddings are unique and totally tailormade, we would be pleased to schedule a visit or a virtual call with you to meet you and learn about your expectations and let you know about our services. Would you be available?

 

We look forward for your feedback.

 

Thank you!

 

Maria Inês Silva 

Eventos | Events Team Torre de Palma Wine Hotel

Tel: 00351 245 038 890 



Siga-nos nas redes sociais: 

Facebook Torre de Palma

Instagram Torre de Palma

 

 

 

De: Wedinspire <enquiry@e.wedinspire.com>
Enviada: 23 de fevereiro de 2026 18:45
Para: Torre de Palma Eventos <eventos@torredepalma.com>
Assunto: New Enquiry via Wedinspire - (Susie Lee, Oct 2027)

 

Hello.

You have had a new enquiry for Torre de Palma Wine Hotel via Wedinspire.

Just hit 'reply' to send an email response, you can also manage this enquiry here on your account.

------------------

Name: Susie Lee
Email: susiel.rickh@gmail.com
Phone: +17037893252
Estimated Guests: 160
Looking at: Oct 2027

Would like: a Brochure

Additional Message:

Hello! We would love to learn more about your venue. Thanks!